thirdparty/README.md, before:

# Third party software management scripts

This folder contains scripts useful to easily install and start / stop third party software that is useful to play some of our demos.

## Zeppelin Notebooks with the PGX interpreter
Just run:
```bash
./zeppelin.sh install
./zeppelin.sh start
./zeppelin.sh stop
```
to install, start, and stop the service, respectively.

## Jupyter (iPython) Notebooks
Just run:
```bash
./jupyter.sh install
./jupyter.sh start
./jupyter.sh stop
```
to install, start, and stop the service, respectively.

## RStudio
Just run:
```bash
./rstudio.sh install
./rstudio.sh start
./rstudio.sh stop
```
to install, start, and stop the service, respectively.

## Adding new scripts
Scripts are expected to take three commands: install, start, and stop.
Intuitively, install should get the third party software from the internet and install it locally into the inst directory.
Scripts need to be good citizens and make sure they do not overwrite somebody else's files / directories.
The start and stop commands should start / stop the third party app / service.
You can use thirdparty/example.sh as a skeleton for your script.

Commit message:

Add to system services upon install

thirdparty/README.md, after:

# Third party software management scripts

This folder contains scripts useful to easily install and start / stop third party software that is useful to play some of our demos.
The scripts are architected in a way that integrates then in the big-data-lite VM; once you install a script, you can just use the start/stop services interface (which you can launch from the Desktop of the VM) to manage these services.

## Zeppelin Notebooks with the PGX interpreter
Just run:
```bash
./zeppelin.sh install
./zeppelin.sh start
./zeppelin.sh stop
```
to install, start, and stop the service, respectively.

## Jupyter (iPython) Notebooks
Just run:
```bash
./jupyter.sh install
./jupyter.sh start
./jupyter.sh stop
```
to install, start, and stop the service, respectively.

## RStudio
Just run:
```bash
./rstudio.sh install
./rstudio.sh start
./rstudio.sh stop
```
to install, start, and stop the service, respectively.

## Adding new scripts
Scripts are expected to take five commands: install, start, stop, status, uninstall.
Intuitively, install should get the third party software from the internet and install it locally into the inst directory.
Scripts need to be good citizens and make sure they do not overwrite somebody else's files / directories.
The start and stop commands should start / stop the third party app / service.
You can use one of the existing scripts as examples.
